---
title: TA
author: Edel
type: post
date: 2007-09-08T05:29:53+00:00
url: /life/ta/
categories:
  - Jr High

---
Three days ago, I started school, and I found out that we no longer have homerooms. Now we have TA I went to my TA in the band room and found three grade niners there, and I thought I was in the wrong homeroom, but I wasn&#8217;t. Oh and guess who my teacher advisors are? The principal and the vice principal! This is going to be one great year.

I have three of my friends in my TA and I have to stick with my TA Until I finish junior high&#8230; b=Vleh.

There&#8217;s this seventh grade girl there, who I noticed was wearing a _Nightmare Before Christmas_ sweater and she was the girl who said my shirt (a Jack and Sally shirt) was cool earlier on. Then, after a confusing day of school (a lot of the rooms were changed around) I opened my locker, and the girl with the sweater asked me, &#8220;You like My Chemical Romance?&#8221; as she probably saw the My Chemical Romance CD lyric jacket hanging on my locker.

She just smiled at me and said, &#8220;I love My Chemical Romance! They&#8217;re my favorite band!&#8221;

I just stared and just mumbled a reply &#8220;Uh, I love them too. They&#8217;re my favorite band&#8230;I mean, second.&#8221;

She suddenly has this weird look on her face and asked me, &#8220;Why? Who&#8217;s your favorite band?&#8221;

Then I replied with, &#8220;Green Day!&#8221;

She just smiles again and goes, &#8220;I love Green Day! I had a Green Day bag yesterday! My name&#8217;s Madison, what&#8217;s yours? What grade are you in?&#8221;

I (finally) smiled, &#8220;I&#8217;m Edel. I&#8217;m in grade 8.&#8221;

Madison waved, &#8220;Cool, I&#8217;ll see you tomorrow?&#8221; Then she ran down the hall way.

Today I sat with her and ate lunch, and we were sitting nearby a group of my friends. My friend Patrick just stares at me, Madison and her friends and goes, &#8220;Is this your new best friend? Are you not best friends with Paige anymore?&#8221;

If I was sitting nearer, I would have slapped him. &#8220;NO!&#8221; I almost shouted, &#8220;Paige will always be my friend!&#8221; so, yah, now Pat&#8217;s teasing me about Madison but he&#8217;s the one who forgot how to open a door once! So he shouldn&#8217;t be really talking.

<ol class="footnote">
</ol>