---
title: Lists.
author: edel
type: post
date: 2009-12-18T18:28:22+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /2009/12/lists/
categories:
  - 'Family &amp; Friends'
  - High School
  - Internet

---
**Things I&#8217;ve done**

  * Added anti-spam on Cutenews
  * Added [Amanda][1] to my affies!

**Things I Need to Do**

  1. Finish my two major projects in Com Tech.
  2. Find a poem to memorize. D:
  3. Finish layout :D
  4. Code Layout D:
  5. Buy Terry&#8217;s Chocolate oranges!

So. Dylan S. He&#8217;s not an actual famous poet. Just a friend of mine. Haha. But he writes amazing stuff. He&#8217;s also gorgeous. And I love him ♥! Like actually. He&#8217;s helped me get over Tanner. I&#8217;ve helped him get over this girl he likes. So now, we like each other. I just hope it won&#8217;t be Tanner all over again.

I spent Wednesday night listening to Bjork with him. It was pretty fun. Haha.

Oh, just some random stuff about him.

&#8211; Writes poems. [Tags me in his notes oftenly on Facebook]
  
&#8211; Is in grade twelve.
  
&#8211; The older brother of an ex-class mate. [Evan FTW]
  
&#8211; Went to my elementary and junior high [I always had a mini-crush on him. But until now, he was untouchable.]
  
&#8211; Plays piano, guitar, and TUBA!! [My ex-section haha]
  
&#8211; LIKES FINAL FANTASY AND KINGDOM HEARTS! [I love Japanese video games :3]
  
&#8211; **LISTENS TO BJORK** [I LOVE Bjork. If I was a man, I would love her XD It&#8217;s so cool to find someone with similar music interests]
  
&#8211; He doesn&#8217;t remember me from elementary or junior high
  
&#8211; He wants to eat a lot [which he does] and gain weight [which he doesn&#8217;t] cause he&#8217;s tried of being called anorexic.
  
&#8211; He&#8217;s 5&#8217;10&#8221;.
  
&#8211; As I type, I&#8217;m chatting with him right now. [Talking about MJ haha]
  
&#8211; He loves cake.
  
&#8211; He hates Keegan [I don&#8217;t hate Keegan, just highly dislike him]
  
&#8211; As of today, he knows where my locker is. [I went to get out Jr High Yearbook and he followed me there lolz]
  
&#8211; I maybe, just maybe like him.
  
&#8211; According to Tanis, he &#8220;possibly&#8221; likes me [I have the text messages to prove it haha]
  
&#8211; We&#8217;re going to our Jr High one day.
  
&#8211; He wants a hug XD

Wow, I move on quickly.

Anyway, my rant for today!

Cheers =]

<ol class="footnote">
</ol>

 [1]: #