---
title: Super Integration Part 1
author: Edel
type: post
date: 2010-07-31T22:22:50+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /life/super-integration-part-1/
categories:
  - 'Family &amp; Friends'
  - High School
  - Internet

---
There&#8217;s so much on my mind right now. We just got home from Panorama, British Columbia. It was fun. We even had wi-fi there! It made me happy to be able to go Mibba and do some comment swaps while I was there even though I didn&#8217;t get much time and the internet was super slow. But I&#8217;m fine with that! I talked to Sam. You know, the guy who I comment swapped with. He first messaged me talking about the answer to some math question that I did not get on his journal. So I responded and we started talking and he gave me his MSN address. One of the first things he said was, &#8220;Do you know Benjamin Barker?&#8221; Ben is actually Hayley and she&#8217;s an AMAZING writer on Mibba. She wrote Senses and I read it and it was out of this world. But then Sam (AKA Super Intergration) said that she was his ex girlfriend (my first thought was, YOUR EX HAS A MIBBA? I&#8217;m jealous, I&#8217;m the only one in my circle of friends with Mibba and they don&#8217;t even know what Mibba is! Jeez) and he talked to me about all the shit that he went through with her. All I could think about is &#8220;Wow, he sounds a whole lot like Dylan Streifel.&#8221; I mentally kicked myself and I knew at once that I was going into dangerous territory. The more I talked, the more I knew I was going to have an online crush. And I felt so bad that I didn&#8217;t really wanted to talk anymore to him. But knowing me, I continued talking to him. He told me about his nightmares about this Hayley girl. How she would be macking out with this other guy every single corner he went. Last night, um, I mean, two night before, he knocked the guy out a couple of times before the nightmare continued to be the same. I was like &#8220;YES, PROGRESS SAM! YAAAY!&#8221; He wasn&#8217;t as enthusiastic but he hesitantly agreed with me so it made me happy. =] Annnd then we talked about music. He&#8217;s kind of obsessed with Coheed and Cambria&#8230; Just kind of. I don&#8217;t blame him though, Claudio Sanchez is a music god. Not even joking. His voice is so unique&#8230; I love Welcome Home! And we talked about his writing. He seems like he doesn&#8217;t like his writing, but he is actually really really good. Maybe not Benjamin Barker good, but he is most definitely good! I love his writing. He wrote an army story called &#8220;Delta Three Six Alpha&#8221;. I didn&#8217;t know what it meant by that, I still don&#8217;t. I have to ask him about it one time&#8230; Yeah, next time I am on MSN. Anyway, he even said that he could send me Coheed and Cambria&#8217;s WHOLE discography! It made me really happy inside. He seems to really&#8230; I don&#8217;t know, be fond of me? I hope so. And and and&#8230; Well&#8230; I don&#8217;t know. I&#8217;m kind of attracted of him. BUT. He&#8217;s too much like Dylan. He reminds me so much of Dylan. It drives me crazy. I just want to be like, &#8220;ARE YOU DYLAN IN DISGUISE?&#8221; But I don&#8217;t think so. He lives in the Great Britain (United Kingdom anyone? It means hot English accents ;] haha) and is in something called Cadets. I don&#8217;t know what it is really, but I want to know! I also have to ask him about that&#8230; What i cadets? Anyway, how did I end up here in this topic? Oh right, Sam. His relationship issues, the way he talks, his music obsessions, his writing&#8230; Just all reminds me of D S. I hate it but love it at the same time. OH! He even plays Final Fantasy. Like every single one of them. I can&#8217;t believe it. He. Plays. Final. Fantasy. Sounding like Dylan by the minute. I can&#8217;t believe he&#8217;s a Final Fantasy geek as well. All the good guys are the ones that I can&#8217;t have. But oh well! Jeez. Anyway, yeah, he loves Final Fantasy. He even gave me some advice on how to play it on my iPod (I HAVE TO GET IT!). He somehow makes me happy. Anyway. We just came home from Panorama. We stayed at this cabin place for the night, at only $63 per night for ten people. I must say that it was a pretty good deal. I&#8217;m glad we got to go there. It made my summer less boring. But I didn&#8217;t have any inspiration to write there. I really wanted to calm myself down and write. It seemed like the only way I could write, but I couldn&#8217;t write in that atmosphere. Oh well, the scenery was just gorgeous and beautiful!

<ol class="footnote">
</ol>