---
title: Asenine
author: Edel
type: post
date: 2011-10-17T02:03:36+00:00
url: /life/asenine/
categories:
  - Internet

---
I usually don&#8217;t post on weekends, even though it&#8217;s when I have the most free time. Even with free time I&#8217;m usually wasting it, haha. Although today, I did something somewhat productive, which was retweak the layout! I&#8217;m not sure if you lot like it, but I do. The fancy @font-face works well, haha. As you can see, I used a font in several place. It&#8217;s called _Asenine_. I love this font, and that word. I think I went overkill on it. But no matter. Also, I made the layout wider, centered some things a bit, made things bigger, etc. I had fun with it.

If you look at the sidebar, you&#8217;ll see that I have watered it down, and added a _Tumblr Feed_ widget. I&#8217;m usually on Tumblr a lot, so you guys can see what I like to post from time to time. Right now it&#8217;s a fyeahbandbuffalo picture. It&#8217;s so relevant to my life, it&#8217;s not even funny.

A little update on me. I&#8217;ve been getting into Neopets lately, LOL. Someone mentioned it to me so I thought, I want to play that again! So I did. And now I&#8217;m addicted. I named all my pets after my favourite celebrities&#8230; Oh my, what has become of my Internet life? Neopets and Tumblr!

Some other internet things. I&#8217;ve been reading a lot more online comics lately. Wow, there are so many talented and dedicated people out there! My favourite ones at the moments are [No Pink Ponies][1]{.external}, [MYth][2]{.external}, and [Your Rhapsody][3]{.external} (although it&#8217;s barely started). I have no idea how some people can draw magnificent masterpieces once or twice a week. It looks like it takes a really long time. I really adore those kinds of people. I wish I could draw well. I just draw as a hobby.

Anyway, I really should be getting back to studying. I have three unit tests this weeks. Egads. Wish me luck!

<ol class="footnote">
</ol>

 [1]: http://nopinkponies.keenspot.com/
 [2]: http://myth.smackjeeves.com/
 [3]: http://yourrhapsody.smackjeeves.com