---
title: Yes and No
author: edel
type: post
date: 2011-10-20T04:11:24+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /2011/10/yes-and-no/
categories:
  - 'Family &amp; Friends'
  - High School

---
Practice: Jazz Police and Angel Medley! Yay. Mr. Reigel gave us a lecture/speech about improving and motivation. He talked about Brad.

Mr. R: You guys know Brad, in trombone? He joined partway through the year and could only play one note. He could just buzz. I really didn&#8217;t know if he could do anything. But yesterday he walked into testing and did Jazz Police completely off by memory and he amazed me.

ASDFGHJKL AWEH BRAD.

Spare: Did math homework upstairs while sitting at a table with Diana and Ange (Alyssa&#8217;s sister in grade ten). The rest of the spare was spent in the band room, which was very boring to be honest.

Math, we did some more stuff in the new unit. I&#8217;m pretty sure I understand most of it.

Physics. We went over the test and that was it basically. 

Chemistry, we also went over the test.

Today was Friday schedule because of parent teacher interviews. Most of my teachers said good things about me. Mr Smith was just blerrrgh but I&#8217;m sure he&#8217;s like that for everyone. 

Now the post today is mostly about Brad. Well of course. Brad Blomer. Grade eleven. Flirt. Social butterfly. My best friend&#8217;s ex boyfriend. Let me count the ways how he is not for me. But I like him nonetheless.

I think he likes me back.

My reasons for this:

1. The whole relationship conversation on Tuesday (which I&#8217;m pretty sure he cleverly planned).
  
2. &#8220;Love works in mysterious ways.&#8221;
  
3. He went outside of the band room to talk to me but promptly left.
  
4. Stopping in the hallway to walk with me to class.

Four reasons but I find it to be good enough for me.

After physics, he stopped in the hallway to wait for me. And then we walked to our lockers. I talked to him about Reigel&#8217;s inspirational story. And then we parted ways. He has never done that before. Maybe I&#8217;m over thinking.

I want him to like me. But I don&#8217;t.

I took the no boyfriends until after university pledge. He sure won&#8217;t wait that long for me.

I don&#8217;t know why he would like me out of all people.

I only want to date who I think I would be a good life partner and I haven&#8217;t given much thought about that.

I&#8217;m not allowed to date.

I don&#8217;t get out of the house much.

Sarah.

Weed.

Cutting.

I&#8217;m also seeing weird mirroring events in my love life from my grade year.

Tanner: TA buddies. &#8220;I&#8217;ll miss you at band camp.&#8221; Genuinely nice guy. Brass line.

Dylan: Gave him something at my locker in which he followed me. Brass line.

Just all those events were like déjà vu but not really. There&#8217;s some new stuff like this time my apple of my eye is younger than me. IDK.

I&#8217;m just too weird like that.

<ol class="footnote">
</ol>