---
title: Guh
author: edel
type: post
date: 2012-07-23T05:16:12+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /2012/07/guh/
categories:
  - 'Family &amp; Friends'
  - Internet

---
I feel really shitty right now. So shitty that I&#8217;m not in the mood to roleplay with my guild. Lady wanted to do a one x one with me but I said no, &#8220;I&#8217;m going to bed soon.&#8221; It was a half lie. Half hour later, here I am, lying in bed. I just&#8230; What is up with my mood swings? Oh wait, suddenly realized that it&#8217;s probably my damn period&#8217;s fault. Fucking hell. Guuuuh.

I&#8217;m so tired to censoring myself. I want to cuss like there&#8217;s no tomorrow but at the same time, cussing is wrong. It&#8217;s just that I have no other words. I blame Tumblr. People&#8217;s reactions are just engrained into my head.

But like. I really want Daniel to find love. But. There are no gay boys other than Anders and he&#8217;s in love with Lucas basically. Then I thought that maybe Daniel should be forever alone. And as soon as I thought that, I wanted to cry for him. Because realizing that he&#8217;ll be alone with Ainsley in his head for the rest of his life is horrible and not what he had in mind for his future. Anders is gonna die anyway.

So anyway. I&#8217;m trying to come up with some Freudian way to &#8220;explain&#8221; why Daniel is gay. I know homosexuality is not a choice or something that is environmentally induced, but there are some things that can influence one&#8217;s sexuality, right?

My theory is that Daniel was raised by his mother and her dance girls. She never let anyone else see him. The divorce really shook her up and she didn&#8217;t want to do anything with men. The ringmaster was too compassionate to fire her. So for the first five years of Daniel&#8217;s life, he only interacted with women. And when he finally met with another male, he knew he was attracted.

Daniel has the same face as Toshiya&#8217;s. And imagining Daniel forever alone is basically imagining Toshiya forever alone. And it kinda hurts. Someone so famous and successful and attractive, never finding someone he loves. And then it goes back to me.

Will I ever find someone to love? And will that person love me back?

_I think I&#8217;m sick. I think I&#8217;m sick._

<ol class="footnote">
</ol>