---
title: Here We Go
author: edel
type: post
date: 2013-11-02T05:57:28+00:00
url: /2013/11/here-we-go/
categories:
  - Updates

---
There&#8217;s nothing like starting a new website on the first day of a month, halfway through the semester, and with my very first responsive design.

I&#8217;m excited that I&#8217;m (silently) opening this website but I also have this nagging feeling at the back of my mind. I need to close a few other chapters in my online life. I have two domains that I will be letting go. One is my current blog and the other was a failed project blog of mine. Unfortunately, I&#8217;m a huge domain junkie. I&#8217;ve spent an embarrassing amount of money on domains. People have their shoes or their Filofaxes<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_1-14" id="back_ajs-fn-id_1-14">1</a></sup> and I have my domains.

Actually, I was just watching an old episode of the Rooster Teeth<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_2-14" id="back_ajs-fn-id_2-14">2</a></sup> podcast and Gus Sorola was saying how it was too easy for people to get a domain name and that they should restrict it more. I understand why he&#8217;s saying that and I even agree a little but at the same time, I&#8217;m one of those people he&#8217;s talking about. You know, the ones that buy a domain but never really end up doing anything with it. I always intend to but somehow that always fall through the cracks. With this blog starting on the 1st of November, I feel like I should blog everyday now. Weird how that works.

I&#8217;ve started taking the bus to school instead of the train and because of that, posting everyday just might be possible. My commute is now an hour and a half<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_3-14" id="back_ajs-fn-id_3-14">3</a></sup>, which leaves me plenty of time to muse on my day in the form of blogging. The downside is that I feel way more tired on a bus than I do on a train. I almost always fall asleep when I take the bus home. As a classmate of mine would say, #TheStruggle.

Ever since Tumblr came into my life, I feel the need to ironically use hash tags. Does that make me a hipster? #YOLO. #SWAG. #LOL. No really, I literally find myself in situations where I almost blurt &#8220;hash tag YOLO.&#8221; It doesn&#8217;t fit my personality at all either. Tumblr has also conditioned me to react in gifs or curse words in my mind. I&#8217;m not a fan of this. Thankfully, I quit Tumblr for now but that doesn&#8217;t mean I still have these tendencies.

Anyway, my sleeping schedule has not been working out this past week. I want to start sleeping before midnight and it&#8217;s already half past _and_ I plan on waking up early. I need sleep&#8230; Maybe that way I won&#8217;t fall asleep on the bus when I should be writing blog posts.

<ol class="footnote">
  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_1-14"></a>I actually have 3 Filofaxes, shh&#8230;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_1-14"></a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_2-14"></a><a href="http://roosterteeth.com">Rooster Teeth</a>: entertainment company&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_2-14"></a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_3-14"></a>It was an hour and 20 minutes before&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_3-14"></a>
  </li>
</ol>

<div id="ajs-fn-id_1-14" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    I actually have 3 Filofaxes, shh&#8230;
  </div>
</div>

<div id="ajs-fn-id_2-14" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    <a href="http://roosterteeth.com">Rooster Teeth</a>: entertainment company
  </div>
</div>

<div id="ajs-fn-id_3-14" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    It was an hour and 20 minutes before
  </div>
</div>