---
title: 2014 Resolutions
author: edel
type: post
date: 2014-01-03T06:27:46+00:00
url: /2014/01/2014-resolutions/
categories:
  - Life
  - University

---
**Write a blog post every week**
  
Writing a blog post every day is pretty much impossible for me. However, I still want to post regularly. Posting weekly sounds pretty doable for me. There are 168 hours in a week. If I can&#8217;t fit in at least one blog post in there, I&#8217;m going to have to rethink my current time management system.

**Spend less than 30 minutes on YouTube everyday**
  
YouTube is a huge time sink. I&#8217;m sure that many people know this struggle. I hope this is self explanatory.

**(Start to) learn a language**
  
I plan to take a language course over the summer. Which language? I don&#8217;t even know myself. I&#8217;m debating between Chinese, Japanese, and Russian. All very cool languages that I&#8217;m very interested in. Russian seems to be a very nice language to listen to. I&#8217;ve always wanted to learn Japanese because I&#8217;ve always been interested in the modern/imported culture<sup class="footnote"><a href="#foot_ajs-fn-id_1-396" id="back_ajs-fn-id_1-396">1</a></sup>. I&#8217;d also like to learn Chinese because I am sooo intrigued by the writing system, despite it&#8217;s alleged difficulty (but I&#8217;m more concerned about speaking&#8230;).

**Finish assignments at least one day before they&#8217;re due**
  
The obvious exception is if I receive an assignment that&#8217;s due the next day. I have a problem with procrastination. I got away with finishing assignments the day before last semester because they were very small assignments but apparently the workload next semester will be very heavy.

**Don&#8217;t skip any classes**
  
I can count the classes I skipped last semester on one hand but I&#8217;d like to reduce that to a cool zero.

**Keep a relationship with my professors and TAs**
  
I know what you&#8217;re thinking. No, not like that. I want to interact with them more. Go to office hours and ask questions not only about the course but their research as well. Professors always talk about how they wait and wait and wait for people to come and it&#8217;s true. I once went to one of my professor&#8217;s office. I walked by it, saw him sleeping, thought it wasn&#8217;t him, and walked right by it! I made another lap around the floor and caught him waking up. It was his office after all! Obviously he had been waiting for a while. Gotta take advantage of the office hours.

**Read 100 books**
  
I was really bad about recording my reading in 2013. I don&#8217;t know if I read 100 books or not. I know I read at least 60 some books. Let&#8217;s aim for 100 again!

<ol class="footnote">
  <li>
    <a id="foot_ajs-fn-id_1-396"></a>AKA fashion, manga, anime, etc.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a class="ajs-back-link" href="#back_ajs-fn-id_1-396"></a>
  </li>
</ol>

<div id="ajs-fn-id_1-396" style="display:none;margin:0;" class="ajs-footnote-popup">
  <div>
    AKA fashion, manga, anime, etc.
  </div>
</div>