---
title: '25 Before 25: Update #1'
author: Edel
type: post
date: 2017-06-02T01:36:15+00:00
url: /life/25-before-25-update-1/
categories:
  - Life

---
I took a little break during the month of May. My mental health was honestly at an all time low and I found myself having a hard time picking myself back up to get motivated to actually do things. Since I am around 6 months into my 22nd year of living, I thought it would be a good time to pause and reflect how I&#8217;m doing with my 25 before 25. I only two and a half years left after all.

**1. Graduate from university**: Good progress
  
I am on track with this, thankfully! So far I am passing all of my courses and seem to look good to graduate at the end of the year. I still need to register for one more course in September but I&#8217;m having trouble finding a course that I am interested in that won&#8217;t conflict with other courses.

**2. Move out of my parents’ house**: No progress
  
My moving out fund is slowly getting chipped away due to paying for tuition. I still need a job secured for this summer. I really want to get one ASAP so I can get that cash flow going.

**3. Max out my TFSA**: Some progress
  
When I was on internship, I put most of my paycheque into my TFSA. I still have a ways to go before maxing out my TFSA but I definitely have the funds in there. They will not be touched for a while.

**4. Open a RRSP account**: No progress
  
This won&#8217;t happen until I get a semi-permanent job and I don&#8217;t see that happening until I graduate. Fingers crossed.

**5. Get a full time job in my field**: No progress
  
This also won&#8217;t happen until I graduate.

**6. Read 150 books/50 books per year**: Good progress
  
This year I have read around 36 books. There are still half a year left so I&#8217;d say I&#8217;m ahead of the game for this year.

**7. Finish the Dragon Age series**: Little progress
  
I started playing The Witcher 3 and unfortunately, most of my gaming time has been spent on that. This has been a good reminder for me to boot up Origins sometime soon.

**8. Make my own TCG**: No progress
  
I haven&#8217;t had a lot of time to code lately but I need to get started planning this seriously. Maybe I will dedicate this weekend to do so.

**9. Finish my Pomodoro app project**: No progress
  
As said before, haven&#8217;t done a lot of coding this year. I also need to draw a good plan for this.

**10. Make a book review website**: No progress
  
Woah, look at all these projects I haven&#8217;t started on yet. I need to figure out which project to prioritize first. This website has been a long time coming but the TCG will be the most work. We&#8217;ll see.

**11. Get my driver’s license**: No progress
  
Have yet to sit in the driver&#8217;s seat yet this year. I have to check my learner&#8217;s permit and see when it expires. I need a teacher and my poor father is reluctant to teach me because I am unsafe.

**12. Make friends outside of the tech bubble**: Negligible progress
  
My mental health stumbling block last month has done a lot for me to trip up on this. I am struggling with making friends in general right now and I&#8217;m finding it extremely hard. I started going to crochet meetups and will hopefully go regularly enough to make a friend or two.

**13. Get fit**: Some progress
  
In May I felt like I regressed a lot but I am starting to go back to the gym. Yesterday I went to the gym on campus and my nerves only got me to do some cardio on the machines but I did something which was relieving.

**14. Floss more regularly**: No progress
  
Nope. Hasn&#8217;t happened yet. Starting today.

**15. Drink. More. Water.**: Some progress
  
When I was sitting around at work, I was drinking a lot of water. Now back at school, I&#8217;m finding it hard to remember to drink water. In fact, I&#8217;m thirsty right now. I will go and get some water right now. Water break!

**16. Learn how to actually cook**: Little progress
  
My mom left the country to go the Philippines in May. I got some opportunities to cook. Just really small things. Made pizza, chicken wings, breakfast. Nothing hardcore.

**17. Travel internationally without family**: No progress
  
I need that cash first and foremost.

**18. Konmari ALL of my things**: No progress
  
This summer vacation, for sure.

**19. Get drunk for the first time**: Almost there
  
I got tipsy once so far. It was weird. Almost there. One day.

**20. Get my CCNA certification**: No progress
  
I kinda gave up my CCNA courses so I just might start to study on my own.

**21. Attend Zoo Lights**: No progress
  
It&#8217;s the start of summer so I will have to wait until winter comes back around to go to Zoo Lights.

**22. Get a grasp on my depression**: Some progress
  
I am currently doing some counseling to combat this. Also taking part of an online cognitive behavioural therapy course. Exercise will hopefully help as well.

**23. Continue my pen pal relationships**: No progress
  
I&#8217;m such a bad pen pal. 🙁 Gah! I don&#8217;t have a P.O. box anymore and I&#8217;m not entirely comfortable not using one. We&#8217;ll see.

**24. Go to a concert**: No progress
  
Haven&#8217;t seen any concerts that caught my eye yet. Wait, let me check right now. Nope, nothing catches my eye at the moment.

**25. Make a dent in my to-watch movie list**: Some progress
  
I watched Ella Enchanted. That&#8217;s one out of many, right?